## [Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs](https://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/)

Here are solutions to problems from the landmark text [Structure and
Interpretation of Computer Programs.](https://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/)

I am indebted to [Gerald Jay Sussman](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerald_Jay_Sussman)
and [Harold Abelson] for writing such a fine
[text](https://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/) along with a set of unforgettable [video
lectures.](http://ocw.mit.edu/courses/electrical-engineering-and-computer-science/6-001-structure-and-interpretation-of-computer-programs-spring-2005/video-lectures/)

Back when I was a freshman in college, I attempted to make my way through this
text. Right off the bat, I found every problem and concept crushingly difficult.
I was working at such a slow pace that I wound up completely abandoning the
book when I got to the section on a [picture language]
(https://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/full-text/book/book-Z-H-15.html#%_sec_2.2.4). I
didn't understand anything at all.

With an undergraduate education in Computer Science under my belt I feel much
more equipped to tackle the problems in the book, and I am having a much easier
time this time around (and having much more fun!).

I am using various tools for Scheme development. I am primarily using
[emacs](https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/) with the
[Evil](http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/Evil) plugin (I find emacs totally
unusable with its default navigation keys) along with the
[mit-scheme](www.gnu.org/software/mit-scheme/) package. Whenever I need extra
debugging capabilities I've been using [The Racket
Language's](http://racket-lang.org/) visual debugger (which is actually quite
nice). Sometimes I want to get a complete image of the reductions that have
taken place up to a crash and I have found the
[Edwin](https://www.gnu.org/software/mit-scheme/documentation/mit-scheme-user/Edwin.html)
editor to be best for this, despite its paltry feature set (e.g. no syntax
highlighting). Edwin ships with [mit-scheme](www.gnu.org/software/mit-scheme/).
